Looking at our final version here you'll remember,
that whenever we type in something in our input field,
we get this little section right here that allows us
to click this button to basically reset our input field.
So, that's what we're going to do in this video.
So, the first question we want to ask ourselves
is when should that little filter button show up?
Well, it needs to show up when our contacts don't match the contacts that we are showing.
Because if we have three contacts in our array,
but we're only showing two of them,
then that means the user has filtered and queried those contexts.
So, what we'll do is let's come in here and right above our ordered list here,
let's add some more JavaScript logic,
and we will say if showingContacts.length does not equal contacts.length,
then what we want to do is we want to show this div.
So, let's come in here and test this out real quick.
So, right now we see that the contacts that we are showing is
the same length as all of our contacts so we don't see this test div.
But if we come and we start typing,
notice that we now get test because
the contact we're showing length does not match the contacts length.
And if you've never seen this before,
it's called a guard up operator.
Basically what it does, is as you can probably guess at this point is
this code will only execute if this is truthy.
So, now instead of just rendering a div,
we want to render the correct UI.
So, what we'll do is let's add a class name here of showing-contacts.
And then inside of here,
we will have a span,
let's say now showing.
We do showingContacts.length of contacts.length,
and then we'll close that span.
And then what we want to have is a button.
And whenever this button is clicked on,
we want to show all of the context again.
So, now what we need to do is we need to create a method to basically
reset the value in
the input field to an empty string so we will show all the contacts again.
So, what we can do here is we can say when this is clicked on,
go ahead and run this.clearQuery,
and then that means we need to make a new method up here called clear query.
And all we need to do here is we can call update query passing it an empty string,
because what update query does is it takes in
a query and then sets that to the state property on our component.
So, now what should happen is when we type in our input field here,
we now get this nice little section right here.
And when we click on "Show All" it resets the input field
which then re- renders and resets what we see in the view.